Roper Williams and Lee the deadly three
penetrates the secret chambers of an
evil Island on fire what do you know aha
it is like a king on that island totally
self-sufficient a fortress without walls
protected by an invincible army that
needs no ordinary weapons
this is Enter the Dragon
the first martial arts film produced by
a major Hollywood studio John Saxon is
Roper he was in it for the money
u.s. karate champion Jim Kelly as
Williams he was there because he had no
choice black belt Hall of Fame
undisputed martial arts champion and
international film star Bruce Lee his
job was to get them out alive I'm hoping
you'll join us represent us in the
United States you want me to join this
Roper Williams and late
just when they think they've broken the
secret of the island they find there is
no escape
the inscrutable Han Warner Brothers
presents Enter the Dragon
where the world's greatest martial arts
athletes meet the ultimate challenge
with the most ancient and deadly of
weapons the human body Enter the Dragon
from Warner Brothers